##Recreating a nicely designed webpage for Backstage magazine.
#Brief
#I chose to recreate this page as I really liked the design with it's minimal layout, attractive color scheme and the full page scroll with background colour transition caught my eye and was something that I was intruiged by.
#Learning experience 
#As I mentioned the layout is very simple for this page, however I did come across one issue with it! I combined the element (mini-menu) on the bottom-right of the page with the element on bottom-left in a flex row. Essentially this 'footer' looked fine, however it rendered the links in the main body of the page inaccessible, oops! So I removed the flex container, treated them as individual elements and positioned them accordingly - problem solved.  
#Now the main challenge here was to do the full page scroll with background colour transition. First I found out about scroll-snapping which only took a few lines of code to implement. However the colour transition proved to be a little more challenging.  In the end I went with an event listener   . After playing with the transition effects and delay I was happy with the way the colour changed when going down the sections, however I couldn't get the transition to be as smooth when jumping back up through multiple sections. For example when going directly from Issue 1 to Issue 5 via the menu the colour passes through  an intermitent colour before changing to the correct one.  This isn't ideal and doesn't happen on the real site, but I haven't found a fix for this as yet.
#Improvements
The main one would be the aforementioned colour change when using menu to navigate back up the page through multiple sections (or Issues) at a time.
I next improvement would be to find a more performant way to do the colour change as Event Listeners can be resource hungry. I think the best way to achieve both of these aims would be to use the GSAP animations library, specifically the ScrollTrigger feature. I could setup trigger points for the colour changes along the y-axis